Subtype Checking methods for User-Defined Type Functions (#101)
luau-lang/rfcs: docs/method-type-hassubtypeof.md

        local b_mt = b:metatable()
        local a_mt = a:metatable()

        if b_mt == a_mt then
            return true_type
        elseif b_mt and a_mt then
            local b_mts = { b_mt }
            local next_b_mt
            local next_a_mt = a_mt

            while next_b_mt do
                table.insert(b_mts, next_b_mt)
                next_b_mt = next_b_mt:metatable()
            end

            while next_a_mt do
                for _, mt in b_mts do
                    if mt == next_a_mt then
                        return true_type
                    end
                end
                next_a_mt = next_a_mt:metatable()
            end
        else
            --[[
                For the purposes of this rfc, my point has already been made. And I do not want to write the rest of this type function that nobody should ever use,
                as its probably going to be an easy way to hit the type function time limit.
            --]]
        end
    end

    return types.singleton(is_subtype)
end
```

## Design

The [`type`](./user-defined-type-functions.md#type-instance) will gain a new method: `hassubtypeof`:

```luau

> type:hassubtypeof(arg: type): boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type:issubtypeof(arg: type): boolean
```

> The [`type`](./user-defined-type-functions.md#type-instance) will gain a new method: `hassubtypeof`:
> 
> ```luau
> type:hassubtypeof(arg: type): boolean
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`type`](./user-defined-type-functions.md#type-instance) will gain a new method: `issubtypeof`:

```luau
type:issubtypeof(arg: type): boolean
```
```

Subtyping is a relation between types, not something that a type "possesses." So, this should be named `issubtypeof` (or something analogous to that).
